>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay.
So with that I wanna talk about this
really quick before we head out.
The question was asked earlier,
how do you know when to write a test as
an end-to-end integration or unit test?
How do you know whether it should
be written with Ciprus or?
And how many people are familiar
with the testing pyramid?
Okay.
So as testing pyramid, it's a pyramid and
at the top you have end to end.
The middle you have integration and
the bottom you have unit.
And so by nature of the shape,
unit testing is bigger and
the suggestion is that your unit has more.
Well, I think that the testing pyramids
actually missing a very important
piece of testing that's
static code analysis.
So ESLint and Flowtype or TypeScript.
But in addition,
I think that it has the wrong shape.
So the justification for
the testing pyramid and
the shape that it has is that
the lower down on the pyramid you are,
the cheaper it is to write and
run those kinds of tests.
And, in addition,
the faster those kinds of tests run.
And so, you spend more of your time there,
because of that fact.
But I ask myself, okay,
well, that's the case,
then why I don't just do everything as
unit test and never use anything else?
There is a very good reason for that and
that's the confidence coefficient.
Something i made up, but
as you go up the testing triangle or
testing trophy in this case, the types
of problems that you can catch and
solve amount of confidence that those type
of testing can give you are much bigger.
So static typing, I can catch,
you didn't define the variable three or
the variable three is a string,
it should be an number.
Those are pretty simple problems.
They could cause catastrophic issues.
But they're generally pretty simple,
not too hard to catch.
Even without those kinds of tests anyway.
And then, like an end to end test could
catch that, pretty easily as well.
So as you move up the pyramid or
the trophy in this case,
the types of problems you
can catch are much bigger.
A user who's logged in right, like with
this certain scenario, can't check out.
That's a pretty serious problem,
we're losing money.
And so the confidence coefficient is
the reason why the triangle exists at all.
>> Kent C. Dodds: But in my mind,
the confidence that you get out of
integration tests are way bigger,
are way more valuable,
than the testing pyramid cares to admit.
And so, I feel that you should spend most
of your time working with integration
tests.
Especially with the tools that we have
now, those things are running much faster,
and they're not as expensive from
a resources and hardware aspects.
And so the types of tests that I've
shown you today of integration tests
with the UI.
As well as similar types of tests for
your backend services.
That's kind of what I'm talking
about when I say integration tests.
And those are where you're gonna
get the best bang for your buck.
That said,
you should have all forms of testing.
And Cypress is just so
good that I'm starting to expand.
My end to end tests, my vision for
what an end to end test or
how many tests I put into Cypress,
because the tool is just so good.
But it's hard to beat Jest
because Jest is like fantastic.
So we've got some pretty cool tools.
With that, I have one more slide,
but I'm going, before I get there I
just wanna ask if there are any final
questions before we wrap up the day?
There is a question in the chat, so
what about using data
attributes to select elements?
Billy, so we do have the data test ID and
that's what I would suggest.
If you want to select
anything that [COUGH] for
some reason doesn't work just select,
by a label text or by the text.
Then add a data test ID and
then you can get back test ID.
Any other questions before I pop.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Repeat my question from
before like,
you could do EDU tests in Jest,
or Cypress.
>> Kent C. Dodds: right.
Yeah.
Thank you for asking again.
So to clarify, what we did earlier
was actually not an end to end test.
And the reason is because we
mocked out server requests.
So our end to end tests with Cypress
are actually hitting a server.
We have to have that loaded and we have
fake data when we're loading it up.
And so that is more in the nature
of an end to end test.
And so
that's kind of where I draw the line.
If I don't need the server
far this particular test,
then I'm going to make going to make
that an integration test with Jest.
If I want to really test what the whole
experience is like with a live server
then it's going to be with Cypress.
>> Speaker 2: So the log in and
register tests with Jest,
you classified them as integration.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yep,
I'd classify those as integration, yep.
>> Kent C. Dodds: All right,
thanks everybody.
Appreciate it.
>> Class: [APPLAUSE]